gave you a way out about three years ago
in August a great little movie it was a
true sleeper hit called district nine
came along went on to win an Oscar
nomination for Best Picture of the year
neill blomkamp has now come up with his
follow up his first film since district
nine and there's a lot of anticipation
for this one it's called elysium and it
stars Matt Damon and Jodie Foster and
once again it's a sci-fi movie set in
the future and it deals with a lot of
interesting kind of social issues as
well that was the trick of district nine
it wasn't just a mindless action a
science fiction picture it had something
to say the sodas Elysium but it's not
quite as impactful I don't think as this
directors first film she's very sick max
you to get her up there you can save
everyone when can I go the basic premise
is that it's year 2154 in Los Angeles
people can't get any kind of good health
care the only people living on the
ground our former convicts are low-level
workers the place is basically a mess
but hovering above 19 miles above is a
utopia called Elysium and it's for the
haves they keep to have nuts down below
hovering below them out of there I need
to get to Elysium
whoever has this has the power to
override their whole system he does find
a way and they take their guns and it
begins a big battle between him and the
force is trying to keep him out of there
and that's that's what Elysium is really
about unfortunately this great setup
this great idea which talks about issues
like health care and immigration things
that are hot button issues right now it
could have been so good but it turns
into a typical action shoot him up with
a lot of explosions and it really loses
its way in the second half this despite
a fine performance by Matt Damon who's
really good in this kind of movie and I
was really looking forward to this one
that aside the movie is technically
really well made it's better than a lot
of films i've seen this summer in that
regard this director is clearly very
talented neill blomkamp it's just a bit
of the the same old thing you know too
many guns too many explosions that sort
of thing so I was disappointed in
Elysium I have a feeling audience as
well be now little you know audiences
who are a little shell-shocked anyway
from all the action pictures at this
point so sad to say for me this one it's
a no
you